Hey, everyone.
So, the moment you've been waiting for.
Can I have a drumroll, please?
[MUSIC]
All right, so what are we doing here?
We're gonna be making the VoIP app.
Finally, right?
After all these three modules and
a whole extra lesson of just talking
about what we're gonna be doing.
So, first we're gonna have a little
code walk-through of what we did.
You'll see how the, what we talked
about in the previous lesson,
the SIP manager and the SIP profiler and
all those things interact with each other.
And then do note that
the app is pretty bare-bones.
It'll have functions like just
outgoing and incoming calls, so
it'd be able to send calls and receive
calls and we hope we'll challenge you.
And we'll mention this again to make
the app more robust, improve it,
make it better,
do cooler things and what not.
And then following the code walkthrough
we'll be deploying it to the board.
And we'll have a little reminder
video of maybe you forgot how to
push the code onto your board.
We'll do that for you and we'll demo it.
We'll have little, some phone calls to
see, to prove that app actually works.
So, with that, stick around and
we'll see you next section.
Video.